# Comparison-of-Stock-Prediction-Models

Predicting stock returns has always been a hot research field for scholars. By establishing multiple linear regression models, ARIMA models, ARCH models, support vector machine regression (SVR) models, random forest models, and BP neural network models, this paper takes the historical quarterly data of Vision China 000681 stock as an example to predict the stock return rate. Then, from the prediction effect of each model, it compares and analyzes the prediction models of the above types of stock return rate.

The several types of prediction methods used in the article can be roughly divided into linear and nonlinear. From a linear perspective, multiple linear regression models, ARIMA models, ARCH models, and support vector machine regression (SVR) models are constructed. Empirical analysis shows that the accuracy of the four models in predicting returns is not very high, but there are significant differences in predicting trends. Support vector machine regression (SVR) model has the best effect, followed by ARIMA model and ARCH model, and multiple linear regression model has the worst trend prediction accuracy. Due to the nonlinear factor effect of the stock market, this nonlinear phenomenon cannot be fully described in the above-mentioned linear models. Therefore, from the nonlinear perspective, the random forest model and BP neural network model in the field of machine learning will be introduced to obtain the nonlinear prediction model between factors.

The prediction results show that the two models are significantly superior to the four linear angle prediction models, with high predictive values and trend accuracy. Among them, the BP neural network model has better prediction performance, which is almost in line with the actual values. This article takes Visual China's 000681 stock as an example and compares the prediction models for several types of stock returns to provide reference for the selection of subsequent prediction models for stock returns, thereby more accurately predicting stock returns. This has strong reference significance for investors to establish effective investment strategies.

Keywords : stock return prediction, ARIMA model, ARCH model, SVR model,random forest model, BP neural network model
